[singing voice]
- Aniplex.
c0000001
[light piano music]
c0000002
♪ ♪
c0000003
[rumbling]
c0000004
[water bubbling]
c0000005
[grand orchestral music]
c0000006
♪ ♪
c0000007
c0000008
[indistinct chatter]
c0000009
- Don't get nervous, now.
- Huh?
c0000010
Don't you speak to me
like I'm a newbie!
c0000011
[scoffs]
c0000012
- [laughing]
- I hope you had
c0000013
your sword serviced instead
of worrying about me.
c0000014
- Yep.
c0000015
I took care of that yesterday.
c0000016
How 'bout you?
c0000017
Huh, lookin' sharp as always.
c0000018
- Yeah.
c0000019
This sword's my baby.
c0000020
- [grunts]
c0000021
[grunts]
c0000022
- All right, everyone,
c0000023
may I have your attention?
c0000024
For those who don't know me,
my name is Lind.
c0000025
I'm a member
of the Dragon Knights Brigade
c0000026
and for today's boss raid
I'll be your leader.
c0000027
I'm honored to be here with you.
c0000028
[applause]
c0000029
- [scoffs]
What up?
c0000030
I'm Kibaou of
the Aincrad Liberation Squad.
c0000031
I'll be your co-leader,
c0000032
so let's get in there
and kick some butt!
c0000033
[cheers and applause]
c0000034
- Does everyone know
the boss's attack patterns
c0000035
and their squad's job?
c0000036
Good.
c0000037
We couldn't have gotten this far
if it wasn't for top players
c0000038
like you
and the work you put in.
c0000039
As the leader of warriors
with your skills,
c0000040
I know we'll beat this boss,
too.
c0000041
- Leader, my ass.
c0000042
The only reason you're callin'
yourself that
c0000043
is 'cause you got
to the boss room
c0000044
a second before we did.
c0000045
- That's the rule
we all agreed to.
c0000046
I'm sorry if that upsets you.
- [scoffs]
c0000047
As if, dork.
c0000048
Enough talk!
c0000049
Today we get to Floor 5!
c0000050
[all shouting]
c0000051
[whinnying]
c0000052
[all shouting]
c0000053
- [shouting]
c0000054
[whinnying]
- [grunts]
c0000055
- [groans]
c0000056
- [grunting]
c0000057
[exciting music]
c0000058
[whinnying]
c0000059
- [shouting]
c0000060
[whinnying]
c0000061
[all shouting]
c0000062
[all groaning]
c0000063
[all grunting]
c0000064
- [shouting]
c0000065
[whinnying]
c0000066
[grunts]
One bar to go!
c0000067
Keep hackin' away at it!
c0000068
all: Right!
c0000069
- Not with your HP!
D, prepare to switch.
c0000070
A, charge on my command.
c0000071
- [grunts]
Are you kiddin' me?
c0000072
We got this thing on the ropes!
c0000073
- I am your leader,
so stick to the plan.
c0000074
- Oh, I see what's goin' on.
c0000075
You wanna grab the last attack
for yourself!
c0000076
Greedy punk.
c0000077
- You can't be serious!
c0000078
- Watch out!
- [gasps]
c0000079
[whinnying]
c0000080
- [grunts]
c0000081
[whinnying]
c0000082
[all shouting]
c0000083
- [shouts]
c0000084
- [grunting]
c0000085
Asuna!
c0000086
[GRUNTS]
c0000087
- [winces]
c0000088
Any time now!
c0000089
- Argo!
c0000090
- Here we go!
c0000091
[all shouting]
c0000092
- [grunting]
c0000093
- Make it count, Asuna!
- [grunts]
c0000094
[whinnying]
c0000095
[grunts]
c0000096
- [shouting]
c0000097
- [shouts]
c0000098
[grunts]
c0000099
[booming]
c0000100
[cheering]
c0000101
- Kibaou, would you please
get off me already?
c0000102
- How about you get
your guys off of me first?
c0000103
- [grunts]
c0000104
- [chuckles]
c0000105
[uplifting music]
c0000106
♪ ♪
c0000107
[sizzling]
c0000108
- Here's to us reaching
floor five.
c0000109
Bottoms up!
c0000110
- Cheers!
c0000111
[gulping]
c0000112
- Cheers, guys.
c0000113
- [snickering]
c0000114
Yo, miss,
can I get a refill?
c0000115
- We owe you big time
c0000116
for helpin' out
on that boss raid.
c0000117
- It's no biggie.
c0000118
I got the tip about
the boss flooding the room after
c0000119
my strategy guide
was already published.
c0000120
Showing up to help y'all out
was the least I could do.
c0000121
- It's good you did.
c0000122
I was sure you
were gonna turn me down.
c0000123
- Not even!
c0000124
'Specially when you're paying
the bill.
c0000125
- Uh, go easy on me, please.
c0000126
- [giggles]
c0000127
Anyway, it only took us about
a week to get Floor 4 cleared.
c0000128
That was way quicker
than I thought.
c0000129
[chomps]
c0000130
- Compared to Floor 1 which took
a month,
c0000131
this was super fast.
c0000132
- If we keep this pace up,
c0000133
I bet we'll reach Floor 6 before
the new year.
c0000134
- Not even.
c0000135
That's only, like,
two days away.
c0000136
Talk about impossible.
c0000137
[both grunting]
c0000138
Asuna, you okay over there?
c0000139
- That was totally simultaneous.
- Huh?
c0000140
What was?
- The Last Attack we did,
c0000141
that's what.
- Oh, uh, well...
c0000142
- [gulping]
c0000143
[grunts]
It's true!
c0000144
Our sword skills both landed
at the same time
c0000145
and you know it,
so don't deny it!
c0000146
- Uh, I'm not--
- [scoffs]
c0000147
Then why did you get
the Last Attack bonus?
c0000148
- I guess I got it because,
well...
c0000149
My skill must have landed
c0000150
a split second before yours did
and--
c0000151
- Nope, we hit at the same time.
c0000152
- Look, it's up to the system,
and if it says I hit first--
c0000153
- That's me, thanks.
- Come on, Argo.
c0000154
Are you gonna back me up here
or what?
c0000155
- Sorry, I don't get involved
in arguments between couples.
c0000156
- Huh?
- Couple?
c0000157
- Anyway, Aachan,
c0000158
ya mind passing
that roast chicken over here?
c0000159
- Oh.
c0000160
Sure.
c0000161
Argo brought up
a good point just now.
c0000162
- About what?
c0000163
- About the raids.
c0000164
From Floor 2 to 4,
c0000165
we're beating bosses
at a faster pace.
c0000166
- Yeah, but that's mostly thanks
to Kibaou's ALS
c0000167
and Lind's DKB guilds
and how those dudes
c0000168
are always trying
to one-up each other.
c0000169
- You're totally right
and they've managed
c0000170
to make it work up to now.
c0000171
Their arguin' gettin' old,
though.
c0000172
- Mm-hmm.
c0000173
- Even during this last raid,
c0000174
they were butting heads same
as always.
c0000175
[chomps]
- [exhales sharply]
c0000176
I'll say,
and it won't be long before
c0000177
they start full-on brawlin'.
[chomps]
c0000178
- The assault team we have now
are all members
c0000179
of Diabel's raid party
from Floor 1.
c0000180
Right after Diabel was killed,
Lind started the DKB.
c0000181
I don't know why the ALS
is being so difficult
c0000182
when they share the same goal.
c0000183
- Lind's style
is leadership-oriented,
c0000184
but Kibaou's all about teamwork.
c0000185
That's pretty much why
he started the ALS.
c0000186
Both guilds see themselves
as being the main assault team
c0000187
and that's where
the problems start.
c0000188
- Lind thinks the only way
to clear a game
c0000189
is by making sure
the top players get
c0000190
the best resources,
c0000191
but Kibaou thinks resources
should be spread out
c0000192
as much as possible
among players.
c0000193
- Both of those guys think they
can replace Diabel as leader.
c0000194
Their philosophies couldn't be
any more different.
c0000195
- I wish both sides would
figure out how to get along.
c0000196
Maybe that's why they decided
c0000197
to do this countdown
thingie together.
c0000198
It's like they're testing
the water, so to speak.
c0000199
- Or maybe they're throwing
this party 'cause they know
c0000200
no one wants
to fight on New Year's.
c0000201
- Wait.
c0000202
Party?
c0000203
There's a party?
c0000204
both: Uh...
c0000205
- Ki-boy, oof.
c0000206
No one told ya?
c0000207
- Didn't you get
an invitation?
c0000208
- Uh-uh.
Is someone's birthday comin' up?
c0000209
- Ah, geez, you just said
a little while ago there
c0000210
were only two days left in
the year.
c0000211
What's the day after tomorrow?
c0000212
- December 31st,
the last day of the year?
c0000213
[both exhaling sharply]
[grunts]
c0000214
What?
c0000215
What's up?
c0000216
- It's New Year's Eve,
that's what.
c0000217
The DKB and ALS are hosting
a countdown party together.
c0000218
- Huh?
They are?
c0000219
N--No one told me about it!
c0000220
[grunting]
c0000221
[gulping]
c0000222
[exhales sharply]
c0000223
Asuna, how'd you happen
to find out about this party?
c0000224
- Shivata from the DKB.
c0000225
- [exhales sharply]
c0000226
- He wasn't the only one.
c0000227
I got a ton of IMs
from other people, too.
c0000228
- [groans]
c0000229
- Now, come on.
Don't start sulking.
c0000230
- [grunts]
- [gasps]
c0000231
- I'm not!
c0000232
I mean, I'm a solo player,
so I don't do parties.
c0000233
- [grunts]
Oh.
c0000234
- Ah--
- Really?
c0000235
So you've been playing solo
this whole time, huh?
c0000236
- [laughing]
c0000237
- uh, what's so funny?
c0000238
- Oh, nothing.
I just felt like laughing.
c0000239
Welp, I think I'm gonna
be headin' on out now.
c0000240
- What?
Why?
c0000241
We still got dessert comin'.
c0000242
- I got tons of work
to do still.
c0000243
I need to get some info
on this town's quests
c0000244
and the items they sell.
c0000245
Catch y'all later,
Aachan, Ki-boy.
c0000246
Oh, hey, Aachan.
- What?
c0000247
- About that thing
you asked me for,
c0000248
I'm still lookin' around.
c0000249
I'll shoot you a message
when I find something.
c0000250
- Sure.
Good luck.
c0000251
- [giggles]
c0000252
- I hope you enjoy our special
blue blueberry tarts.
c0000253
Shall I leave this extra one
for you to share?
c0000254
- Oh, no.
We're good, thanks.
c0000255
- Wow.
They look yummy.
c0000256
- You'll love these.
- [gasps]
c0000257
- They give you this cool buff
when you eat 'em.
c0000258
- You can get a status effect
from one of these things?
c0000259
It looks like
a plain old blueberry tart.
c0000260
What kind of buff do you get?
c0000261
- You're gonna have to eat one
to find out.
c0000262
[chomps]
c0000263
- [grunts]
c0000264
Wow, it's good.
c0000265
[clicking]
c0000266
A new icon popped up.
c0000267
- Check the floor.
See anything?
c0000268
- [gasps]
c0000269
Something's glittering.
c0000270
[mysterious music]
c0000271
♪ ♪
c0000272
Hmm?
c0000273
It's a coin.
c0000274
I think someone dropped it.
c0000275
- That is what's called a relic.
c0000276
Floor 5's them
is all about ancient ruins.
c0000277
You can find tiny relics
like these all over the map,
c0000278
and in a couple days a ton
of players from the lower floors
c0000279
are gonna swarm this place.
c0000280
They'll probably do a big
relic hunt through the town.
c0000281
- Really?
c0000282
[gasps]
c0000283
Here's another!
c0000284
- It's fun but don't go
gettin' hooked on it.
c0000285
Usually in other games,
c0000286
a little mini map would
show you where the relics are.
c0000287
When you got close,
you'd see 'em glowin',
c0000288
but in "SAO,"
they're all over
c0000289
and hard to find.
c0000290
- Huh, I can see
these coins plain as day.
c0000291
Uh, is this the buff working?
c0000292
- Uh-huh, but it only works on
the surface and catacombs
c0000293
on this floor and it makes all
the coins and jewels glow.
c0000294
- [gasps]
Jewels?
c0000295
- Uh, uh-huh.
c0000296
- So this buff, do you know
if it has a time limit?
c0000297
- [groaning]
c0000298
Uh-huh.
c0000299
- Before it expires,
I wanna find some more relics.
c0000300
♪ ♪
c0000301
[exhales sharply]
c0000302
You were right.
c0000303
Relic hunting
is totally addicting.
c0000304
- Yeah.
c0000305
During the beta some players
quit leveling
c0000306
and just focused on finding all
the relics.
c0000307
So out of respect,
we called 'em Relic Hoarders.
c0000308
- That doesn't sound respectful.
c0000309
Is it okay for me
to take all this
c0000310
or should I put some back?
c0000311
- You're not bein' greedy.
c0000312
- [gasps]
Greedy?
c0000313
I--I'm leaving it here.
c0000314
- No, it's fine.
Take the whole pile.
c0000315
This is nothing, really.
c0000316
There's plenty o' relics left
for everyone to find.
c0000317
- Uh--
- This is a drop in the bucket.
c0000318
Besides,
as far as treasure goes,
c0000319
the relics you find in town
are there to prime you
c0000320
for the real treasure hunt.
c0000321
- Hmm?
What do you mean by that?
c0000322
- They're worth something
c0000323
but the real
treasure's underground.
c0000324
The catacombs are a huge dungeon
c0000325
and that's where you can find
the serious loot,
c0000326
and tons of it.
c0000327
The relics in town
are chicken feed compared
c0000328
to what you'll find below.
- What?
c0000329
What?
- [gasps]
c0000330
- What?
c0000331
You could have told me
about that before!
c0000332
- [groaning]
c0000333
That punch of yours
is no joke,
c0000334
even here in the safe zone.
c0000335
- [inhales sharply]
c0000336
[groans]
c0000337
- It's okay.
We still have time.
c0000338
The buff won't wear off
for a while.
c0000339
Let's take the stairs down
to the catacombs
c0000340
and keep hunting.
c0000341
- Are you sure there's
more treasure down there?
c0000342
- Mm-hmm.
There's even more
c0000343
of these coins,
c0000344
and rings and necklaces
c0000345
with different kinds
of buffs, too.
c0000346
- Rings and necklaces, too?
- Yeah.
c0000347
The catacombs are pretty much
a free-for-all,
c0000348
and we'll run into a lot
of astrals.
c0000349
- Free-for-all I get.
c0000350
But what the heck
is an astral?
c0000351
- It's another type of monster.
c0000352
You know how
there's insect types
c0000353
and demihuman types?
c0000354
Well, astral types don't have
physical bodies.
c0000355
They're like ghosts.
-  Nyet!
c0000356
- [muttering]
c0000357
- Why did you make
a "nyet" sound?
c0000358
- It means "no" in Russian.
c0000359
- What are you sayin' "no" to?
c0000360
- Because I was...
c0000361
I--I didn't wanna hear
any spoilers!
c0000362
- [gasps]
c0000363
Yeah, that does take away some
of the fun.
c0000364
Knowin' too much goin' in,
I mean.
c0000365
[chuckles]
c0000366
You could lead the way in,
c0000367
if you think you're ready
for it.
c0000368
- [stammering]
c0000369
- [gasps]
- [stammers]
c0000370
[clears throat]
c0000371
M--Me?
c0000372
I--I mean, sure.
c0000373
A--A--Are you ready
to go in?
c0000374
- Yeah, whenever you are.
c0000375
- [inhales sharply]
c0000376
Then we're goin' in.
c0000377
[dramatic music]
c0000378
- Uh...
c0000379
Okay!
c0000380
♪ ♪
c0000381
- [gasping]
c0000382
It's a dead end.
What do we do?
c0000383
- [groaning]
c0000384
Asuna.
- [gasps]
c0000385
What?
c0000386
♪ ♪
c0000387
c0000388
[beeping]
c0000389
Wow!
c0000390
[laughing]
Look at this!
c0000391
[laughs]
c0000392
- Watch your step
or you're gonna trip!
c0000393
- I'll be careful!
c0000394
Wow.
c0000395
Wow!
- There might be traps near
c0000396
the walls so don't let
your guard down for a minute.
c0000397
And we're out of the safe zone,
so there'll be monsters.
c0000398
- Yeah, I got it.
c0000399
- The ones called
Mournful Wraiths
c0000400
pop up out of nowhere.
c0000401
- Wraiths?
c0000402
You mean like the ones
c0000403
from those old
Scottish folktales?
c0000404
- I'm impressed.
c0000405
That's them--
the ghost-type monster
c0000406
I told you about.
- Oh, goodie.
c0000407
[gasps]
c0000408
[gasping]
c0000409
We--we need some light.
c0000410
[gasps]
c0000411
Thanks, Kirito.
You--
c0000412
- [grunts]
Quick!
c0000413
Draw your sword!
c0000414
[rumbling]
c0000415
- [gasps]
c0000416
[gasps]
No, I don't wanna see this!
c0000417
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
c0000418
- [groaning]
- [squeaks]
c0000419
- Asuna!
c0000420
- [screeching]
c0000421
- [gasping]
c0000422
- [squeals]
- [screams]
c0000423
[shouts]
c0000424
- [grunts]
Asuna!
c0000425
- [gasps]
c0000426
[groaning]
c0000427
c0000428
[moans]
c0000429
[gasps]
c0000430
[grunts]
c0000431
[squeaking]
[gasps]
c0000432
[beeping]
c0000433
[gasps]
c0000434
[squeaks]
c0000435
[chirping]
c0000436
- [gasps]
c0000437
[chirping]
Hey, you!
c0000438
Drop that!
Come back here!
c0000439
[chirping]
c0000440
Ooh, when I catch you,
you're dead!
c0000441
[squeaking]
c0000442
[groans]
Got you now!
c0000443
[screams]
c0000444
[grunts]
c0000445
[groaning]
c0000446
[gasping]
c0000447
[beeping]
[gasps]
c0000448
[booming]
c0000449
[gasps]
c0000450
c0000451
[groans]
c0000452
[gasps]
c0000453
I know.
c0000454
[beeping]
c0000455
I'm out of range.
c0000456
[beeping]
c0000457
[shuddering]
c0000458
[whimpers]
c0000459
[gasps]
c0000460
[whimpers]
c0000461
[wind booming]
c0000462
[whimpering]
c0000463
[gasps]
c0000464
[shudders]
c0000465
[gasps]
Kirito.
c0000466
[grunting]
c0000467
I can do this.
c0000468
[beeping]
c0000469
[whooshing]
c0000470
c0000471
It's been too long,
old friend.
c0000472
Sorry,
but I need your help again.
c0000473
That should lure him back.
c0000474
[distant scampering]
c0000475
Yes!
c0000476
[grunting]
c0000477
[shouts]
c0000478
[booming]
c0000479
[gasps]
c0000480
[shattering]
c0000481
It's not him.
c0000482
[groans]
c0000483
[squeaking]
c0000484
[chirping]
c0000485
[grunts]
c0000486
Nope.
c0000487
c0000488
Nope!
c0000489
[menu chiming]
c0000490
Not him, either.
c0000491
[menu chiming]
c0000492
Huh?
A Wad of Paper?
c0000493
[beeps]
[rumbling]
c0000494
[snarling]
c0000495
[grunts]
Huh?
c0000496
[gasps]
c0000497
There's writing.
c0000498
29, 10:00 o'clock,
basement level three.
c0000499
And number in brackets?
c0000500
Oh, right.
c0000501
These must be coordinates
for some kind of meeting.
c0000502
[menu chiming]
c0000503
It's close.
c0000504
Was this thrown away because
the meeting was canceled?
c0000505
That has to be why
the Shrewman had it.
c0000506
[groans]
c0000507
[tense music]
c0000508
♪ ♪
c0000509
I hope this isn't
a meeting between lovers.
c0000510
I don't wanna be some kind
of peeping tom.
c0000511
[grunts]
c0000512
[gasps]
c0000513
[distant footsteps approaching]
c0000514
- Ah.
c0000515
- What's up, my man?
- [gasps]
c0000516
- You're early.
c0000517
Sorry to keep you waiting.
c0000518
- It's cool.
It wasn't for long.
c0000519
Getting here was a real pain,
though.
c0000520
Those handwritten notes,
they suck.
c0000521
I still haven't figured out how
c0000522
to use the freakin'
pen function right.
c0000523
Can't we just DM instead?
c0000524
- Dude, you know why we can't.
c0000525
We don't wanna be leaving
c0000526
a record
of 'em in our histories.
c0000527
Well, we're here now
so let's talk business.
c0000528
So how'd it go?
They take the bait?
c0000529
- Yeah.
Hook, line, and sinker.
c0000530
Day after tomorrow
ALS's top players
c0000531
are gonna ditch
that countdown event.
c0000532
They're gonna storm
the labyrinth all on their own.
c0000533
- They're gonna take on
the floor boss by themselves?
c0000534
- Sounds like
it's comin' together!
c0000535
- Who are they?
- Oh, man, I can't wait!
c0000536
Kibaou and Lind locking horns
and going at it.
c0000537
That'll be some show.
c0000538
- Well, setting it up
was a hassle.
c0000539
It ain't easy manipulating
guild meetings
c0000540
without anyone catching on.
c0000541
- You don't have to tell me,
but, like,
c0000542
the boss did train you
to be the smooth talker.
c0000543
If anyone can handle that kind
of stuff, it's you, man.
c0000544
- I guess so.
c0000545
Keep fanning the flames
and before anyone knows it,
c0000546
we'll get those dorks
to kill each other yet.
c0000547
- Kill?
c0000548
- I dunno what the boss
was thinking.
c0000549
All his plans
are so complicated.
c0000550
There's a ton of easier ways
to make someone dead.
c0000551
- [laughs]
c0000552
We're still sowing
the seeds here, my friend.
c0000553
Be patient 'cause
you wouldn't want our fun
c0000554
and games to end just yet.
c0000555
- [gasping]
- I hear you.
c0000556
Savoring the process
is part of the fun.
c0000557
[rock clatters]
- [gasps]
c0000558
[both gasping]
c0000559
- Did you hear that?
c0000560
- Yeah.
c0000561
- If someone overheard
our top secret conversation,
c0000562
it'd sure suck for them.
- [shuddering]
c0000563
Come on.
Hurry.
c0000564
Please, hurry!
c0000565
- [gasps]
c0000566
Huh?
c0000567
Whoa, what the hell is that?
c0000568
- [gasps]
[squeaking]
c0000569
- Little bastard!
- [laughs]
c0000570
Look at it go!
c0000571
Hey, cover the exit.
I got it.
c0000572
[laughs]
c0000573
[chirping]
c0000574
[booming]
c0000575
Mystery solved.
c0000576
That sucka's the one
that made the noise before.
c0000577
- God, those stupid rat things
are so annoying.
c0000578
Did you have to deal
with their crap during
c0000579
the beta, too?
- Yeah,
c0000580
but since they grab weapons
players drop,
c0000581
they were fun to kill.
c0000582
A surprise every time.
c0000583
[chuckles]
Speaking of,
c0000584
look what we have here!
c0000585
- Yo, a rare weapon!
c0000586
It's one of the rapiers!
c0000587
- [gasps]
c0000588
- Whoa!
It's heavy!
c0000589
Let's check the specs.
c0000590
Damn, look at that!
This thing's totally leveled up.
c0000591
It deals damage like
a two-hander.
c0000592
- Yeah, guess its all right.
c0000593
- This is bad ass,
and that's all you gotta say?
c0000594
Hey, if you don't want it,
I'll totally take it.
c0000595
- I dunno.
You use a short sword.
c0000596
You need to level up more
before you can use it right.
c0000597
- If I had this sexy thing,
c0000598
I'd switch to being a fencer
in a heartbeat.
c0000599
It's called the, uh,
Civilrick Rapier.
c0000600
What a dope name for a sword!
c0000601
- You're not sayin' it right.
c0000602
It's pronounced "Chivalric,"
genius.
c0000603
- Uh--
c0000604
Hey!
- Huh?
c0000605
- [gasps]
c0000606
- Surprise, surprise.
c0000607
How long have you been here?
c0000608
- Not too long.
c0000609
I heard you guys talkin'
and came to check it out.
c0000610
- Yeah, we were kinda loud,
c0000611
but we're so far off
from the main path
c0000612
I didn't think anyone
could hear us.
c0000613
I guess we got
carried away scoring
c0000614
this rare weapon drop.
c0000615
[laughing]
c0000616
- I was wonderin' about that.
c0000617
You said its name
is the Chivalric Rapier.
c0000618
Sure about that?
c0000619
- Wow, you got a good memory
for only just hearing it!
c0000620
Why are you so interested in it?
c0000621
- 'Cause I've seen it before.
c0000622
That rapier belongs
to my partner.
c0000623
- [grunts]
c0000624
- And we're supposed
to believe that?
c0000625
You expect us to just hand
it over to you?
c0000626
- No, I don't want the sword.
c0000627
I wanna know how you got
your hands on it, is all.
c0000628
Maybe you got it by PKing
my partner in a duel.
c0000629
That's kinda your specialty,
isn't it, Morte?
c0000630
- [chuckles]
c0000631
Ah, like when I tried with you
a couple floors back?
c0000632
Like I said before,
you've got a good memory.
c0000633
Don't you, Kirito?
c0000634
[chain mail rattling]
c0000635
- [gasps]
c0000636
[gasping]
c0000637
- [gasps]
[chirping]
c0000638
[both gasping]
c0000639
- [inhales sharply]
c0000640
[shouts]
- [gasps]
c0000641
Hey!
c0000642
- [grunts]
c0000643
[shouts]
- [chirping]
c0000644
[crashing]
c0000645
[booming]
c0000646
- [gasping]
c0000647
[both gasping]
c0000648
- Wh--What the hell?
c0000649
Where'd you come from?
- [laughing]
c0000650
Man, that scream you let rip
c0000651
damn near gave me
a heart attack!
c0000652
How long have you
been standing there?
c0000653
Come on.
Might as well tell me.
c0000654
That dramatic entrance of yours
took three seconds off my life.
c0000655
The least you can do
is tell me how long
c0000656
you were snooping on us.
c0000657
- I don't know about you
c0000658
but I'm beyond pissed off
right now.
c0000659
We don't got the time
to stand around chitchatting.
c0000660
I'm pretty sure
they heard everything,
c0000661
so we'd better deal with them.
c0000662
- Let's not go jumping the gun.
c0000663
You saw the specs
on that rapier, didn't you?
c0000664
- Please.
I won't lose a fight with her.
c0000665
This chick's an amateur.
c0000666
That lame trick of hers cost me
a cool weapon.
c0000667
I ain't leaving here
till she's dead
c0000668
and it's back in my inventory.
c0000669
- [gasps]
- [grunting]
c0000670
[grunting]
c0000671
- [gasping]
c0000672
[both gasping]
c0000673
- Dammit!
c0000674
Her stupid scream drew
a mob down on us!
c0000675
This chick's all about
playing dirty!
c0000676
- [laughing]
c0000677
Look who's talkin'!
c0000678
Come on.
c0000679
There's nothin' we can do
except run.
c0000680
- God, this sucks!
c0000681
[numerous voices chattering]
c0000682
[chattering fades into
the distance]
c0000683
- [grunts]
c0000684
[exhales sharply]
c0000685
[grunts]
c0000686
[gasps]
c0000687
Huh?
c0000688
[gasps]
c0000689
[grunts]
c0000690
c0000691
I'm so glad you're safe.
c0000692
You did good.
Real good.
c0000693
- [whimpering]
- [gasps]
c0000694
- I was so scared.
c0000695
I've never been so scared.
c0000696
I thought I was dead,
and when that ghost attacked,
c0000697
and I fell in that trap...
c0000698
Then I dropped my rapier.
c0000699
I never thought
I'd get her back.
c0000700
I was lost and I thought I
was going to die here alone
c0000701
in the dark
and it scared me so much.
c0000702
I'd never felt like that.
c0000703
- I know what you mean,
but you're safe now.
c0000704
And if we ever
get separated again,
c0000705
just hang in there.
I'll find you.
c0000706
I swear I will.
c0000707
'Kay, partner?
- [gasps]
c0000708
[grunts]
c0000709
[dramatic music]
c0000710
♪ ♪
c0000711
[distant birds chirping]
c0000712
- Ah.
c0000713
c0000714
[exhales]
c0000715
Thanks for inviting me.
c0000716
This is the best bath
I've ever had.
c0000717
- Isn't it?
c0000718
You do so much for everyone.
c0000719
Treating you to a bath
is the least I can do.
c0000720
- Oh, don't even sweat it.
c0000721
I'm happy to help when I can.
c0000722
So, anyway, I heard about
those two scumbags
c0000723
you ran into in the catacombs.
c0000724
- [grunts]
c0000725
- Well, I'm glad you're okay,
Aachan.
c0000726
I'll let you know
if I find anything.
c0000727
I've been fishin' around
for info on 'em.
c0000728
- Argo, please don't.
c0000729
- Huh?
How come?
c0000730
- I'm worried about
you going after them alone.
c0000731
It's too dangerous.
c0000732
- [stammers]
c0000733
- All the information
you gather,
c0000734
those guide books
you put together
c0000735
for the players,
they benefit everyone here.
c0000736
The assault team,
the mid-level players, everyone.
c0000737
And if anything were to happen
to you,
c0000738
clearing the floors would come
to a dead stop.
c0000739
That's why I...
c0000740
I worry about you.
c0000741
You're all alone risking
your life for us,
c0000742
and I can't stand back
and say nothing.
c0000743
Because...
c0000744
You're my friend.
c0000745
- [whimpers]
c0000746
Thanks for caring, Aachan.
c0000747
I'm touched you're
so concerned about me,
c0000748
but you don't have to be.
c0000749
See, I feel like it's my duty
to risk danger so I can keep
c0000750
providing info to the players.
c0000751
- Your duty?
Why?
c0000752
Because you're an info broker?
- Uh-uh.
c0000753
'Cause I used to be
a beta tester, that's why.
c0000754
- [gasps]
Okay, I get it.
c0000755
But even so,
c0000756
that doesn't mean you should
keep doing it by yourself
c0000757
when you don't have to.
c0000758
Look at Kirito.
c0000759
He always joins up
with the assault team
c0000760
to fight the floor bosses.
c0000761
- Mm.
c0000762
I think I see why
you're so worried now.
c0000763
You think since I don't have
a fighter's build,
c0000764
I can't fight.
Is that it?
c0000765
- What?
No.
c0000766
Well...
c0000767
- [snickers]
c0000768
- Huh?
c0000769
[grunts]
Huh?
c0000770
- [giggles]
c0000771
The proof's in the pudding,
as they say.
c0000772
So, how's about
we give it a go?
c0000773
- Huh?
What are you talking about?
c0000774
- Why, a duel,
of course.
c0000775
Right here, right now.
Sword to sword.
c0000776
- Wait, with swords?
c0000777
- No, a mop duel
with these things!
c0000778
- R--Right now?
c0000779
- Right now.
c0000780
- But shouldn't we
put swimsuits on first?
c0000781
- Huh?
Well, you can,
c0000782
but I don't have a swimsuit.
c0000783
- Then give me a sec
and I'll make you one!
c0000784
So what are the rules
for this duel?
c0000785
- How about whoever slams
the other person good wins?
c0000786
- By "slam,"
you mean a clean hit?
c0000787
- Yeah, sure.
c0000788
- Uh, okay.
c0000789
- [grunts]
c0000790
- All right,
ready when you are.
c0000791
- En garde.
c0000792
- [grunts]
c0000793
[both grunting]
c0000794
- Whoa!
c0000795
- [grunts]
c0000796
Aw, yeah!
Nice dodging, Aachan.
c0000797
I was aiming for your stomach
but I clipped your swimsuit.
c0000798
Technically I guess that's more
of a little smack than a slam.
c0000799
- Okay,
then the duel's still on.
c0000800
- [shouts]
c0000801
- [grunts]
c0000802
[both grunting]
c0000803
[gasps]
c0000804
- [shouting]
c0000805
- I got her!
c0000806
- [breathing heavily]
c0000807
- [stammers]
c0000808
- [exhales sharply]
c0000809
[laughing]
c0000810
- Hmm?
c0000811
[both laughing]
c0000812
- Right on!
That was so awesome!
c0000813
I guess you can say we each got
a smack in,
c0000814
so hows about we call
this duel a draw?
c0000815
- Huh?
c0000816
Uh, sure.
Sounds good.
c0000817
Argo, when you ran across,
the water just now,
c0000818
was that some kind
of skill effect?
c0000819
- Ah.
Hmm.
c0000820
I should charge
for info like that,
c0000821
but for you,
it's free.
c0000822
That wasn't a skill effect.
It was all training.
c0000823
Like, remember when you were
a kid at the pool?
c0000824
Didn't you ever try it?
c0000825
Figuring as long as you've put
one foot down before
c0000826
your other sunk,
you could run across the water?
c0000827
- Y--Yeah, I think I might
have tried that.
c0000828
- Me, too, and when I got
to this world,
c0000829
I figured I could finally do it.
c0000830
So I started practicing
every day.
c0000831
In the bath,
in rivers,
c0000832
and before I knew it,
c0000833
I finally managed to run up
to four steps!
c0000834
I guess you could call it
an outside system skill.
c0000835
- I think I understand why
you're okay doing what you do.
c0000836
Your amazing speed keeps
you safe
c0000837
when you're out there
on your own.
c0000838
That's what our duel
was all about,
c0000839
to show me.
c0000840
I mean,
if you put it that way,
c0000841
it makes me sound like I'm full
of myself,
c0000842
but it's true.
c0000843
Part of me knows if
I find myself in a sticky spot,
c0000844
I can zoom on out of there
if I need to,
c0000845
but I always keep an eye
on where I'm steppin'.
c0000846
As thanks for treating me
to this amazing bath,
c0000847
want me to give you
another piece
c0000848
of info for free?
c0000849
- Huh?
Uh, mm-hmm.
c0000850
- You told me before that I
didn't have to keep taking on
c0000851
all these risks by myself
since even Ki-boy--
c0000852
an ex-beta tester like me--
doesn't go after bosses alone,
c0000853
but works with the assault team.
c0000854
The thing is,
c0000855
Ki-boy isn't joining up
with them 'cause it's safer
c0000856
for him that way.
c0000857
There's another reason
he's not full-on solo.
c0000858
- Oh?
c0000859
Like what?
- It's obvious.
c0000860
- [stammers]
c0000861
- It's 'cause he's got you, see?
c0000862
- Huh?
c0000863
[relaxing orchestral music]
c0000864
♪ ♪
c0000865
- [stammers]
c0000866
- Hey there.
c0000867
That bath was great.
c0000868
- Wait, where's Argo?
c0000869
- She's back to work again.
c0000870
She wanted me to tell you
she says hi.
c0000871
- Oh, okay.
c0000872
Anyway, you were in there
a while.
c0000873
Talk about anything interesting?
c0000874
- [stammers]
When it comes to girls talking,
c0000875
you shouldn't poke
your nose into it.
c0000876
- Huh?
You mean you
c0000877
and Argo got together
for some girl talk?
c0000878
Her I get,
but you of all people--
c0000879
- I just said don't go poking
your nose into it!
c0000880
And what did you mean
when you said,
c0000881
"You of all people?"
- No!
c0000882
N--Nothing.
c0000883
I was just surprised,
is all.
c0000884
- Okay, then.
c0000885
But there wasn't any girl talk
or whatever.
c0000886
Got it?
c0000887
- [grunts]
c0000888
[gasps]
c0000889
Why?
- Huh?
c0000890
- Look at all this.
c0000891
We've come a long way since
we started
c0000892
and everyone fought so hard
to get here.
c0000893
But those two guys,
c0000894
why are they playing
c0000895
the main guilds
against each other?
c0000896
- [grunts]
c0000897
- If their plan works,
it'll set everything back,
c0000898
and then who knows
when we'll escape here?
c0000899
I mean,
what those two are plotting,
c0000900
about getting the guilds
to kill each other,
c0000901
what do they gain
by doing that?
c0000902
I just don't get it.
c0000903
I don't get any of it.
c0000904
- [grunts]
c0000905
In MMOs...
c0000906
Guys like those
are called PKers.
c0000907
- PKer?
c0000908
- Player Killer, for short.
c0000909
All they want
is to murder people here.
c0000910
- [gasps]
c0000911
- Asuna, don't ever forget.
c0000912
Aincrad's filled with all kinds
of players,
c0000913
and some don't care
about escaping.
c0000914
They spend their days trying
to kill others.
c0000915
- That's crazy.
c0000916
Don't they know
the consequences?
c0000917
This isn't just a game anymore.
c0000918
Whoever dies in here dies
in the real world!
c0000919
- They know,
and that's why they do it.
c0000920
PKing's fun for them.
c0000921
They're like the serial killers
of this world.
c0000922
- [gasps]
c0000923
- We can talk about it
some other time.
c0000924
Right now we need to figure out
how we're gonna stop Kibaou.
c0000925
Asuna,
that plan we talked about,
c0000926
can you handle it?
- [stammers]
c0000927
Yes.
c0000928
I think.
c0000929
But shouldn't we meet
with both guilds,
c0000930
not just the planners
of the New Year's party?
c0000931
- No, if we talk to whoever
in the ALS,
c0000932
they'll just deny
they're going on the raid.
c0000933
- Right, but what if the planner
from ALS doesn't know about
c0000934
the raid yet?
c0000935
- Good point.
c0000936
That's why I asked you-know-who
to join us.
c0000937
- Everyone's looking forward
to the New Year's party.
c0000938
I hope this doesn't mess
it all up for them.
c0000939
- Yeah, me, too.
c0000940
I think it's great
we're even having a party.
c0000941
Everyone's gotten used
to the boss raids now
c0000942
and folks are way more relaxed
than they were.
c0000943
I never thought
this day would come,
c0000944
back when we were on Floor 1.
c0000945
- Hmm.
c0000946
- But, those PKers,
they'll exploit that.
c0000947
No.
c0000948
"SAO" will,
if we're not careful.
c0000949
[clapping]
c0000950
[upbeat music]
c0000951
- Where to?
- Over there.
c0000952
♪ ♪
c0000953
- Sorry to call you here
on such short notice, Shivata.
c0000954
- It's fine.
I wasn't really doing anything.
c0000955
- And thank you, too, um...
c0000956
Uh...
c0000957
[menu chiming]
c0000958
- Hi, my name's Liten,
the event planner from the ALS.
c0000959
- Thank you for meeting with us.
c0000960
- Oh, sure, but, well, um...
c0000961
Uh...
c0000962
- [grumbles]
c0000963
Why are you here, Leader?
c0000964
- Good question.
c0000965
Why are you here?
c0000966
- I dunno.
Why are any of us here?
c0000967
He messaged me to come,
so I came.
c0000968
[chomps]
c0000969
- I was hoping you'd show up
c0000970
but I wasn't countin' on it.
c0000971
- [grunts]
c0000972
All right,
so what's this all about?
c0000973
I'm a busy man.
c0000974
I got things to do,
so if you got somethin' to say,
c0000975
say it.
c0000976
[both gasping]
c0000977
- All right,
here's the deal.
c0000978
I know all about the plan
for the ALS
c0000979
to skip tomorrow's party
and go raid
c0000980
the floor boss without
the DKB.
c0000981
Well?
- What?
c0000982
Is that the truth?
c0000983
- [snarls]
c0000984
As if.
c0000985
I dunno who y'all heard
that from,
c0000986
but they're lyin'.
[grunts]
c0000987
- I won't tell you who told me,
c0000988
but it wasn't anyone
from the ALS,
c0000989
and it wasn't an info broker.
c0000990
- What a load of bull.
c0000991
This is stupid.
Later.
c0000992
- No, wait!
- [grunts]
c0000993
- Listen.
c0000994
My captain told me just
this morning about
c0000995
the plan to ditch
the New Year's celebration.
c0000996
- Oh, yeah?
What else did he tell ya?
c0000997
- Only that it
was decided suddenly
c0000998
at the meeting between you
and the other captains.
c0000999
But we've worked hard
on this event
c0001000
and if this sabotages it,
I couldn't bear it!
c0001001
This is the first joint event
between both
c0001002
of the main guilds,
after all.
c0001003
- Licchan.
c0001004
- Sorry, Shiva.
I couldn't tell you.
c0001005
Why did you decide to do this?
c0001006
It can't be worth destroying all
this goodwill.
c0001007
- [grunts]
c0001008
- I'm not with either guild,
c0001009
so it's not really my place
to say this,
c0001010
but I think you'll be makin'
a big mistake.
c0001011
If you go ahead with this plan
of yours,
c0001012
it's gonna cause more problems
than you know.
c0001013
- Don't do this.
c0001014
The last thing anyone needs
is more bad blood between
c0001015
the two biggest guilds.
c0001016
- [grunts]
c0001017
[grunts]
c0001018
Screw it!
I'll tell ya.
c0001019
One of my guys got some intel
that's just too good to pass up.
c0001020
- What intel?
c0001021
- The Floor 5 boss is supposed
c0001022
to drop something unbelievable.
That's what.
c0001023
- Uh--
- But you already know that,
c0001024
being a former beta tester.
c0001025
- No, I don't.
c0001026
Wait a second.
Let me think.
c0001027
Um...
c0001028
I remember it being
a spear-type weapon.
c0001029
Or was it a weapon?
c0001030
[gasps]
c0001031
I totally forgot!
c0001032
You're right!
That drop's insane!
c0001033
- W--Well, what is it?
c0001034
- It's a guild flag.
c0001035
- What, like, it's just a flag?
That's it?
c0001036
I don't get it.
What's so insane about that?
c0001037
- As a weapon,
not much,
c0001038
'cause it's just a long spear
with low attack power,
c0001039
but if a player equips it...
c0001040
And sticks it into the ground,
c0001041
it boosts all the stats
of his fellow guildmates.
c0001042
Only the ones
who are close by, though.
c0001043
- Whoa, that is insane.
c0001044
- Can whoever is holding
the flag move when it's active?
c0001045
Also, how long does
the buff last,
c0001046
and are there any limits?
c0001047
- The player can't move while
it's active,
c0001048
but the buff lasts as long
as the flag's up.
c0001049
And as long as everyone's in
the same guild,
c0001050
you get unlimited buffs.
c0001051
- No way.
c0001052
Potentially that thing could do
a lot of damage to morale.
c0001053
Think about it.
If the ALS gets it,
c0001054
they'll be set.
c0001055
Their morale would go through
the roof,
c0001056
while ours in
the DKB would never recover.
c0001057
- What'll happen
to the DKB, then?
c0001058
- Lind would lose
his people's faith
c0001059
and the whole guild
would collapse.
c0001060
- That's why the ALS wants
to raid the boss on their own!
c0001061
They need that drop
to destroy us!
c0001062
- Hmm.
- Can't whoever gets
c0001063
the flag share it with
the other guild?
c0001064
That way everyone benefits.
c0001065
That way it doesn't matter
if you get it first
c0001066
or the DKB.
c0001067
I'm sure if you spike to Lind
you both could work it out.
c0001068
- Yeah, a few of us thought
the same as you.
c0001069
The thing is...
c0001070
- The guild flag can't
be shared.
c0001071
- [gasps]
c0001072
- You can only register
one guild's name
c0001073
when you get it,
c0001074
and you can't
transfer ownership.
c0001075
It belongs to one
or the other:
c0001076
the ALS or the DKB.
c0001077
- Oh, no.
c0001078
- Now that I know what
you're planning to do,
c0001079
I can't keep any of this
a secret.
c0001080
- You gonna tell 'em?
c0001081
- Of course I'm going
to tell Lind!
c0001082
I'm not gonna let you pull
a fast one on us!
c0001083
- Then you're cool with starting
a war between your people
c0001084
and mine?
- You started this.
c0001085
- [chomps]
- Wait, hold it, Shiva!
c0001086
- Licchan.
c0001087
[exhales]
c0001088
- Leader.
c0001089
- [grunting]
c0001090
- I bet the members who brought
this up were acting
c0001091
on their fears
and not thinking straight.
c0001092
And to keep our guild
from breaking apart,
c0001093
you had no choice but
to agree to it.
c0001094
You're not the type
of leader who'd use
c0001095
a cheap tactic like this.
That's why we follow you.
c0001096
Let's think.
c0001097
There has to be another way
to handle this.
c0001098
- Maybe, but--
- [grunting]
c0001099
- [gasps]
c0001100
- [grunting]
c0001101
- Me and Asuna will kill
the boss.
c0001102
[both gasping]
c0001103
- Hmm.
c0001104
- If we have the flag then there
won't be any power struggle.
c0001105
It's that simple.
c0001106
- [gasps]
c0001107
[exhales]
c0001108
[grunts]
That's best for everyone.
c0001109
- Shiva, I'm sorry.
c0001110
- It's okay, Licchan.
c0001111
I know you were just doing
what you thought was right.
c0001112
I'd like to help you.
- [gasps]
c0001113
Me, too!
Whatever you need!
c0001114
- Are you guys sure?
c0001115
You'll both be betraying
your guilds.
c0001116
- If we're going to clear "SAO,"
c0001117
we need the DKB
and the ALS,
c0001118
and we can't let anything get
in the way of that alliance.
c0001119
- I don't care about betraying
my guild.
c0001120
I care about the players on
the lower floors.
c0001121
If I don't help you,
I'll be betraying them.
c0001122
- [stammers]
c0001123
Thanks, you guys.
[grunts]
c0001124
- We done here?
[both gasping]
c0001125
Don't seem like you need me
for anything.
c0001126
Like I said before,
I'm busy.
c0001127
Can't sit here yappin'.
c0001128
Got some plannin' to do.
c0001129
Gotta hit that boss tomorrow
with my A-team.
c0001130
6:00 p.m.
c0001131
If we're late to the boss
for some reason,
c0001132
heads are gonna roll.
c0001133
You're not on my A-team,
so you can do whatever.
c0001134
Y'all got that?
c0001135
Me and the A-team,
tomorrow, 6:00 p.m. sharp?
c0001136
Stay out of our way.
c0001137
- Leader.
c0001138
[door opens and closes]
c0001139
- Thank you, Kibaou.
c0001140
- Hey, um,
he didn't pay for his food.
c0001141
[all gasping]
c0001142
- Well, now we know Kibaou
c0001143
and his team leave tomorrow
at 6:00.
c0001144
- We can beat them to it,
but we're gonna have to hurry.
c0001145
- If there's only four of us,
c0001146
that's not enough to take on
a floor boss.
c0001147
We'll need to assemble a team
of our own.
c0001148
- Let's see.
Who do I know?
c0001149
- I wish I could ask some
of my guildmates,
c0001150
but that's out of the question.
c0001151
- Same for me.
c0001152
- I think Agil
and the three dudes
c0001153
in his party might join us.
Maybe Argo would, too.
c0001154
- [groans]
That only makes nine of us.
c0001155
- It'll have to do.
c0001156
Let's go find them
and ask them.
c0001157
- Huh?
c0001158
H--Hang on.
[all gasping]
c0001159
[gasps]
c0001160
Hey, you guys.
I might have someone.
c0001161
[dramatic music]
c0001162
♪ ♪
c0001163
[beeps]
c0001164
[rumbling]
[squeaks]
c0001165
[booming]
c0001166
♪ ♪
c0001167
[squeals]
c0001168
[bleating]
c0001169
[menu chimes]
c0001170
Hi there.
- [gasps]
c0001171
Asuna.
c0001172
What are you doing here?
c0001173
- An info broker told me
you were here.
c0001174
In the forest.
c0001175
They said you were gathering
materials for something.
c0001176
- They're one heck
of an info broker.
c0001177
- The last time we spoke
was on Floor 1.
c0001178
The boss raid?
c0001179
You weren't in any
of the raids since.
c0001180
What are you gathering materials
for, anyway?
c0001181
- [exhales]
c0001182
It's for nothing special,
really.
c0001183
I had this idea of maybe opening
a shop of my own.
c0001184
A place specializing
in handcrafted stuff.
c0001185
- Like what?
c0001186
- Well, people need
protective gear here.
c0001187
Rare items don't drop
all that much
c0001188
on the lower floors anymore,
c0001189
and I can craft things
with buffs.
c0001190
- That's great.
c0001191
Instead of just
the practical stuff,
c0001192
maybe you could also sell
stylish clothes and knickknacks.
c0001193
If you stocked all that,
I'd shop there all the time.
c0001194
- Stop it, Asuna.
- [grunts]
c0001195
- You've got your hands full now
advancing with the assault team.
c0001196
You wouldn't track me down just
to chat.
c0001197
- You're right.
c0001198
I came to ask you for a favor.
c0001199
Look, I'm raiding
the Floor 5 boss tomorrow,
c0001200
but it's with a small party.
c0001201
- [gasps]
c0001202
Huh?
c0001203
- It's complicated to explain
but the point is,
c0001204
we have to beat this boss before
the two big guilds get to it.
c0001205
We're going around asking
the strongest players
c0001206
we know to join us.
- [exhales]
c0001207
- It's just to clear Floor 5.
c0001208
Please, Mito.
I really need your help.
c0001209
- [gasps]
c0001210
It sounds like it's serious.
c0001211
- It is.
It'll affect everything.
c0001212
From the assault team
to how we'll escape
c0001213
this death game once
and for all.
c0001214
- I'm sorry.
I won't go with you.
c0001215
- What?
Why not?
c0001216
- I'd put my life before
the one I promised to protect.
c0001217
- [gasps]
c0001218
- 'Cause that's the kind
of player I am.
c0001219
There's no guarantee
I wouldn't run away again
c0001220
like I did last time.
c0001221
- Mito!
c0001222
- Sorry, but I won't
betray anyone ever again.
c0001223
- [gasps]
c0001224
- Anyway, I'm happy I got
to see you again.
c0001225
And I hope you understand
that this is for the best.
c0001226
Goodbye.
c0001227
- Mito, I wanna have a duel!
c0001228
- Huh?
c0001229
- I'm serious.
c0001230
I wanna prove I don't need you
to protect me anymore.
c0001231
Come on!
Please!
c0001232
And if I beat you,
c0001233
you'll help me
with the boss raid.
c0001234
- [exhales]
c0001235
- [stammers]
c0001236
- [inhales and exhales sharply]
c0001237
Okay, but once we're done,
you have to leave.
c0001238
[menu chiming]
c0001239
[beeping]
c0001240
[whirring]
c0001241
- [grunts]
c0001242
[clanging]
c0001243
[booming]
c0001244
Why are you holding back, Mito?
c0001245
- [grunting]
- Aren't you going to attack me?
c0001246
- [gasps]
c0001247
Your problem is you focus way
c0001248
too much on defense.
c0001249
You should attack more.
- [grunts]
c0001250
- [gasps]
c0001251
[gasping]
c0001252
- [laughing]
c0001253
c0001254
[gasping]
c0001255
- [shouts]
c0001256
- [gasping]
c0001257
- [gasps]
c0001258
- [grunting]
c0001259
[scoffs]
c0001260
- [exhales sharply]
c0001261
[grunts]
c0001262
[shouts]
c0001263
[gasping]
c0001264
- [grunting]
c0001265
- Hey, what game is that?
c0001266
It looks like the one you
were playing at the arcade.
c0001267
- It is.
c0001268
They just released the port
for phones.
c0001269
I only have one regret.
c0001270
It would be fun,
c0001271
and I'd love
to play it with you.
c0001272
If only I'd never said
those words to you back then.
c0001273
You wouldn't be trapped
in this awful place
c0001274
and forced to fight
for your life.
c0001275
It's all my fault.
c0001276
[shouting]
c0001277
- [grunting]
c0001278
[shouting]
c0001279
[gasps]
c0001280
[groans]
c0001281
[rumbling]
c0001282
[dramatic music]
c0001283
♪ ♪
c0001284
- [exhales sharply]
c0001285
- Hey.
c0001286
Do you wanna play this with me?
c0001287
♪ ♪
c0001288
- [groaning]
c0001289
Wow.
You're as strong as ever.
c0001290
- Yeah, well, you've gotten
pretty strong yourself.
c0001291
- I wasn't holding back,
that's for sure.
c0001292
- That's what pushed me
to give it my all, too.
c0001293
- Well, you beat me,
so like we agreed,
c0001294
I won't bug you
about joining our raid.
c0001295
Even though you'd be--
[stammers]
c0001296
See you around.
- No, wait.
c0001297
- [gasps]
c0001298
[menu chiming]
c0001299
It's for you.
c0001300
- [gasps]
Huh?
c0001301
- I accidentally broke yours
and I hope this makes up for it.
c0001302
- Thank you.
Is this one you made?
c0001303
- Yeah, my crafting skill's
still low,
c0001304
so it's kind of plain-looking.
c0001305
- No, I think it's beautiful!
c0001306
- It protects against paralysis
and poisons.
c0001307
- That's so cool.
c0001308
Huh?
c0001309
- I bet you're disappointed
I won't do raids.
c0001310
Hmm.
c0001311
- Thank you for today.
c0001312
It was good to see you again.
c0001313
- [gasps]
c0001314
Who's there?
- [stammering]
c0001315
Sorry.
[grunts]
c0001316
I'm not some creepy lurker,
I swear.
c0001317
[groans]
c0001318
Asuna was late getting back
so I came to check on her.
c0001319
I saw you guys dueling.
Didn't wanna get in the way.
c0001320
- Oh, I remember you.
c0001321
- Me, too, but I don't think we
were ever introduced.
c0001322
I'm Kirito.
Me and Asuna are partners.
c0001323
- I know.
Everyone knows you.
c0001324
You came here 'cause you
were worried about her.
c0001325
You're the overprotective type.
c0001326
- I can't deny it,
that's for sure.
c0001327
- And I bet you're gonna ask me
to join your boss raid next.
c0001328
- No, I wasn't planning on it.
c0001329
But, uh,
since you brought it up,
c0001330
you saw how far Asuna's come,
c0001331
and at the rate
she's leveling up,
c0001332
she could get to be way,
way stronger.
c0001333
More than anyone on
the assault team.
c0001334
- What if she does?
c0001335
- One of these days she'll join
a major guild
c0001336
and be one
of the top players leading
c0001337
the charge to clear "SAO,"
but to get there,
c0001338
she's gonna need the support
of everyone she's close to.
c0001339
People like you and me.
c0001340
You know that rapier she
was fighting with?
c0001341
That was made
from the Wind Fleuret
c0001342
she got from you.
- [gasps]
c0001343
- When we were back
on Floor 3,
c0001344
the original one's specs
got maxed out.
c0001345
She could have replaced it then,
but she didn't want to.
c0001346
So I suggested she get
it converted to metal,
c0001347
go see a blacksmith,
c0001348
and get a new rapier forged
from it.
c0001349
That's how it was made.
c0001350
- But why would she go
to all that trouble with it?
c0001351
- I guess the sword you gave
her must be important to her.
c0001352
- [exhales]
c0001353
- The point I'm trying to make
is even now,
c0001354
Asuna still thinks of you
as her best friend.
c0001355
- [exhales]
c0001356
- [groans]
c0001357
Well, I better get goin'.
- You know what?
c0001358
- [gasping]
c0001359
- I don't like you.
c0001360
- [gasps]
c0001361
[exhales]
c0001362
[uplifting music]
c0001363
♪ ♪
c0001364
- Hmm?
c0001365
What is it?
c0001366
- Nothing.
c0001367
There's only nine
of us on this raid,
c0001368
but our odds
of winning are good.
c0001369
That said,
watch your backs in there.
c0001370
Don't forget why we're going
to all this trouble today:
c0001371
to keep the assault team
from splitting up
c0001372
and to make sure
the New Year's party
c0001373
is a success.
All right!
c0001374
Are we ready?
- Hell yeah!
c0001375
Let's go get that boss!
c0001376
all: Yeah!
c0001377
[booming]
c0001378
- [grunts]
c0001379
Go!
[all grunting]
c0001380
- [shouts]
c0001381
- [grunts]
c0001382
[shouts]
c0001383
[both chuckling]
c0001384
[tense music]
c0001385
♪ ♪
c0001386
- Huh.
c0001387
I'm not sure
if another corridor's up there
c0001388
or if it's gonna be
the boss room entrance.
c0001389
- These stairs weren't here
in the beta?
c0001390
- No.
c0001391
I remember we went through
a door here
c0001392
and the boss room was on
the other side of it.
c0001393
- Really?
So then what
c0001394
was the boss like in the beta?
c0001395
- The Guardian of the Ruins
was what he was called.
c0001396
He was this huge golem,
c0001397
but the thing we have
to keep in mind
c0001398
is that even though
they might look the same,
c0001399
the bosses we fought up
to now had new attacks.
c0001400
Actually, did you find
anything out about this one?
c0001401
- Of course,
c0001402
but I am still an info broker,
remember?
c0001403
- Right.
Comin' up.
c0001404
- [scoffs]
There's a good boy,
c0001405
but you can hold onto your cash.
c0001406
This time the info's on
the house.
c0001407
Here's what I found.
Long story short,
c0001408
he's still a golem just like
in the beta.
c0001409
There's a crest on his forehead
and that's his weak spot.
c0001410
- So then his attacks
could be magic-based.
c0001411
- Yeah, and since we're on
a higher floor,
c0001412
you can bet he'll
be tougher than
c0001413
the other bosses.
c0001414
The only way to find out's
to go in, right?
c0001415
- Right, I guess so.
c0001416
Okay, for now we'll assume
the boss room's up there.
c0001417
I'll head on up first
and check things out.
c0001418
- [exhales]
Wait here.
c0001419
Let me scope things out first.
- [stammers]
c0001420
- [grunts]
c0001421
So far so good.
c0001422
I'm thinking these stairs
could also be a trap.
c0001423
The kind where they lift up
and block the entrance.
c0001424
If that's what it is,
c0001425
I'm fast enough
to get clear before
c0001426
it closes all the way.
c0001427
- Hold on.
I'm goin' with you.
c0001428
And don't argue.
c0001429
- Huh?
c0001430
[groans]
c0001431
[exhales]
If you say so.
c0001432
- Keep your eyes peeled
and call out
c0001433
if anything weird happens.
- Sure.
c0001434
- Kirito?
c0001435
- Mm?
c0001436
- Be careful.
c0001437
- Don't worry.
c0001438
Back in no time.
c0001439
[rumbling]
c0001440
- [gasps]
- Is this it?
c0001441
It's different than the beta.
c0001442
The stairs to 6,
they're not there.
c0001443
- Yeah, and I don't see any sign
of the boss.
c0001444
- Wait, careful!
c0001445
- You probably have
to walk around a bit
c0001446
to make it pop.
c0001447
Hmm.
c0001448
[beeping]
c0001449
[whirring]
c0001450
- Argo!
c0001451
- [shouts].
c0001452
- Argo!
c0001453
- Stay back!
c0001454
- [breathing heavily]
c0001455
- [groaning]
c0001456
- [grunts]
c0001457
[shouting]
c0001458
- [whimpering]
c0001459
- [winces]
c0001460
[gasps]
c0001461
[exhales sharply]
c0001462
[shouting]
c0001463
[snarling]
c0001464
- Well, that got
my heart pounding.
c0001465
- Holy crap,
that was close.
c0001466
[gasps]
c0001467
- [snarls]
- We should head back
c0001468
to the others.
- Ki-boy, look!
c0001469
[whirring]
c0001470
- [gasps]
c0001471
[grunts]
c0001472
[both gasping]
c0001473
- Watch out!
c0001474
[whirring]
c0001475
- [grunts]
c0001476
[gasps]
c0001477
Oh, great!
He's got two of 'em?
c0001478
- Actually, two arms
is pretty standard for bosses.
c0001479
- [grunts]
c0001480
[whirring]
[gasps]
c0001481
c0001482
- [groans]
c0001483
[both grunting]
c0001484
Hey, Ki-boy!
c0001485
If he's got two arms,
it figures he'd also have two--
c0001486
- Here it comes!
c0001487
[both grunting]
c0001488
[both gasping]
c0001489
- [gasps]
Stop!
c0001490
- Huh?
c0001491
- Look down
and don't move your feet.
c0001492
- [grunts]
Okay.
c0001493
- See those blue lines?
c0001494
Notice how
we're not touching them
c0001495
and nothin' happenin' now?
c0001496
- Steppin' on them's
the trigger.
c0001497
It brings up the target circle,
c0001498
and that's where we can expect
the attacks to come from.
c0001499
- That's how it works,
all right.
c0001500
- Okay then, all we have
to do is avoid the lines.
c0001501
- Hey, you guys all right?
[both gasping]
c0001502
[beeping]
c0001503
What's up?
Is this the boss room?
c0001504
- Everyone, evade!
c0001505
- [shouting]
c0001506
[all shouting]
c0001507
- [grunts]
- [gasps]
c0001508
Asuna!
- [grunts]
c0001509
[shouting]
c0001510
[both shouting]
c0001511
- [gasps]
c0001512
[all groaning]
c0001513
- [gasps]
c0001514
c0001515
[rumbling]
c0001516
- He's different.
c0001517
Even his name's different.
c0001518
[roaring]
c0001519
- [gasps]
[beeping]
c0001520
- [shouting]
c0001521
- The boss uses his arms
and legs to attack!
c0001522
If you step on a blue line,
it brings up a target,
c0001523
and that's where he hits!
c0001524
I'll trigger one
so get your sword skills ready
c0001525
and let's deal some damage!
- Right on!
c0001526
- Understood!
c0001527
[beeping]
- [gasps]
c0001528
Here I go!
c0001529
[grunts]
c0001530
- [shouting]
c0001531
c0001532
- [shouting]
c0001533
[roaring]
c0001534
The crest on his head
is the weak spot!
c0001535
If you get a good shot,
go for it!
c0001536
all: Right!
c0001537
[beeping]
c0001538
- [grunting]
c0001539
[all speaking at once]
c0001540
[both shouting]
c0001541
- [shouts]
c0001542
He's down to three!
c0001543
- Hey!
What's up with the walls?
c0001544
[all gasping]
c0001545
[whirring]
c0001546
- Wow, this is definitely
a new pattern.
c0001547
I don't know if we
can handle this anymore!
c0001548
- I'm startin' to get
a bad feelin' about this, too.
c0001549
We're leaving!
Regroup!
c0001550
Downstairs!
- Roger that.
c0001551
Everyone, follow me!
c0001552
- [grunts]
Ki-boy, look!
c0001553
- Huh?
c0001554
Crap.
c0001555
He's gone.
c0001556
- Shiva!
- [gasps]
c0001557
- [gasping]
c0001558
[both grunting]
c0001559
[groaning]
c0001560
- [shouting]
c0001561
- The staircase.
c0001562
It turned into his mouth!
c0001563
- [groaning]
c0001564
- Agil!
Smash the crest on his head!
c0001565
- I can't!
The crest ain't there anymore!
c0001566
- [gasps]
- Wait!
c0001567
- [gasps]
- I get it.
c0001568
This room ain't a room.
It's the boss.
c0001569
- [gasps]
c0001570
[both shouting]
c0001571
- And I bet that crest
doesn't stay on his head.
c0001572
It can appear anywhere!
- [grunts]
c0001573
[both grunting]
- We gotta find it and smash it.
c0001574
- [gasping]
c0001575
[gasps]
c0001576
- Dammit!
Where could that crest be?
c0001577
[gasps]
c0001578
Even if this whole room
is the golem,
c0001579
this is nuts!
c0001580
- Where is it?
c0001581
She can't hold on forever!
c0001582
[crackling]
c0001583
- [wincing]
c0001584
[snapping]
c0001585
[screaming]
c0001586
- [gasps]
c0001587
Asuna!
c0001588
- [whimpering]
c0001589
- [gasps]
c0001590
[grunts]
c0001591
[gasps]
c0001592
- What's that?
- What the--
c0001593
who is that?
c0001594
[clanging]
c0001595
- Mito?
c0001596
- [gasps]
c0001597
- Hurry!
c0001598
Now's your chance!
c0001599
- [gasps]
c0001600
[gasps]
You guys!
c0001601
Step on the lines and draw out
the arms and legs!
c0001602
Keep an eye out!
c0001603
The crest should appear
on one of 'em!
c0001604
- You got it!
- Leave it to us!
c0001605
- We're on it!
c0001606
- [groaning]
c0001607
- [gasps]
Mito.
c0001608
- I can't forgive myself
for ditching you!
c0001609
But you're not gonna die.
Not if I can help it!
c0001610
- [gasping]
c0001611
- The crest didn't show up!
c0001612
- Draw 'em out again!
c0001613
- [grunts]
c0001614
- Here!
Over here!
c0001615
- [grunts]
c0001616
Gotta catch it!
c0001617
No, it's too far!
c0001618
- Behind you, Ki-boy!
c0001619
- [groaning]
c0001620
- I gotcha!
c0001621
- Asuna!
c0001622
- [exhales sharply]
c0001623
- You okay?
c0001624
- Mm-hmm.
c0001625
Thanks to you.
c0001626
- [exhales]
That's a relief.
c0001627
Well, you feel good enough
to fight?
c0001628
- [gasps]
c0001629
Of course.
c0001630
- Good.
Then let's go kill it.
c0001631
- [grunts]
c0001632
- [gasping]
c0001633
[snarling]
c0001634
Got it.
c0001635
What's changed from the beta?
c0001636
- The crest used
to stay on his head,
c0001637
but now it can appear on
the arms and legs, too!
c0001638
It's still his weak spot!
[both gasping]
c0001639
[both shouting]
c0001640
- [gasping]
c0001641
- [groans]
c0001642
There!
c0001643
- [grunts]
- No, wait!
c0001644
It's too high up!
c0001645
- [shouting]
c0001646
- Whoa, a follow-up attack!
c0001647
- She's good!
c0001648
- Everyone!
c0001649
Stomp on the lines again!
c0001650
This time when
the crest appears,
c0001651
let me at it!
c0001652
- Right!
- Roger that!
c0001653
- Mito, over here!
c0001654
- [shouting]
c0001655
- [shouts]
c0001656
[both shouting]
c0001657
[all shouting]
c0001658
- Oh!
c0001659
- [gasps]
Fall back!
c0001660
- [shouting]
c0001661
[groaning]
c0001662
- Big, ain't he?
- Yeah.
c0001663
But now we can fight him
straight on like we planned.
c0001664
You ready to destroy
that last bar
c0001665
and finish him?
c0001666
all: Ready!
c0001667
[growling]
c0001668
[both grunting]
c0001669
[both shouting]
c0001670
[all shouting]
c0001671
- [shouting]
c0001672
Switch!
c0001673
- [shouting]
c0001674
[all shouting]
c0001675
- [breathing heavily]
c0001676
[shouting]
c0001677
[screams]
c0001678
[clanging]
c0001679
[both shouting]
c0001680
Ki-boy!
c0001681
The crest ain't movin' anymore!
c0001682
- Got it!
Ready?
c0001683
- [grunts]
c0001684
[both grunting]
c0001685
- [grunts]
c0001686
- [shouts]
c0001687
[both grunting]
c0001688
- [grunts]
c0001689
- His crest is wide open!
c0001690
- On it!
c0001691
- [shouting]
c0001692
[grunts]
c0001693
[screams]
c0001694
- Mito!
c0001695
- [grunts]
c0001696
[grunts]
c0001697
Asuna, Kirito!
c0001698
Finish him off in style!
- You got it!
c0001699
I've been lookin' forward
to this!
c0001700
- [grunts]
c0001701
[both shouting]
c0001702
- [shouts]
c0001703
c0001704
- [shouts]
c0001705
It's over!
c0001706
both: Die!
c0001707
- [shouting]
c0001708
[both shouting]
c0001709
[whirring]
c0001710
[both gasping]
c0001711
[all gasping]
c0001712
[both gasping]
c0001713
[chiming]
c0001714
- We did it.
c0001715
all: We did it!
c0001716
[cheering and laughing]
c0001717
- [exhales sharply]
- Nice work out there, Kirito.
c0001718
- You, too.
c0001719
- [giggles]
c0001720
[all chuckling]
c0001721
- [gasps]
c0001722
- All right, guys.
Who got the guild flag?
c0001723
[all gasping]
c0001724
Well?
Anyone?
c0001725
- Kirito.
c0001726
- [gasps]
c0001727
- It's not in my inventory.
c0001728
- [grunting]
c0001729
[gasps]
- [grunts]
c0001730
- [exhales]
c0001731
[both grunting]
c0001732
- Is this the flag
you're talking about?
c0001733
- Yeah, that's it!
- [exhales]
c0001734
- Are you sure?
c0001735
- Yeah, I'm not gonna
do anything with it.
c0001736
- Mito.
c0001737
- Asuna.
c0001738
- Thank you for coming.
It meant a lot.
c0001739
- [gasps]
c0001740
[grunts]
c0001741
- We should do this again.
c0001742
- Yeah.
c0001743
I'll look forward
to that for sure.
c0001744
But first,
I think I should find it, too.
c0001745
- Hmm?
c0001746
- MY purpose in this world.
c0001747
- [gasps]
c0001748
Okay.
c0001749
[both gasping]
c0001750
- After all,
c0001751
it's the coolest thing
about this game.
c0001752
- Yeah, it is.
c0001753
And if anyone can do it,
you can.
c0001754
- I'm gonna work real hard to.
c0001755
I promise.
c0001756
The next time you need me,
I'll be ready.
c0001757
Just call and I'll come running.
c0001758
- I will.
c0001759
You can count on that.
c0001760
- Okay.
c0001761
See ya.
- See ya, Mito.
c0001762
- The ALS should be here
any minute now.
c0001763
- Hmm.
c0001764
- You sure you don't wanna head
to Floor 6 with the others?
c0001765
- I don't need to be
the first to see it.
c0001766
I'm happy right here with you.
- [stammers]
c0001767
Thanks.
c0001768
- [scoffs]
c0001769
You guys.
c0001770
So you beat the boss.
c0001771
I'll hate myself
for sayin' this,
c0001772
but congrats or whatever.
c0001773
- Yo, blackie!
c0001774
What'd you do
with that boss drop, huh?
c0001775
- We know it dropped
the guild flag,
c0001776
so don't lie!
- Yeah.
c0001777
It dropped all right.
c0001778
[all gasping]
c0001779
This is what
you're talkin' about, right?
c0001780
A guild flag called
the Flag of Valor?
c0001781
I checked the specs,
and it does what you think.
c0001782
- Yeah, figures you'd get it,
beater.
c0001783
Not like you're gonna play fair.
c0001784
So, what are you gonna do
with it?
c0001785
That thing's useless
if you're not in a guild.
c0001786
- I don't mind handing
it over to you guys.
c0001787
As long as you meet
two conditions,
c0001788
it's yours.
c0001789
- The nerve of this guy!
c0001790
[gasps]
c0001791
- All right, let's hear 'em.
c0001792
- There's two but only one
of 'em has to be met.
c0001793
First condition:
if another guild flag
c0001794
like this drops later on,
c0001795
the ALS gets one
and the DKB gets the other.
c0001796
I'll give this up
to whichever guild doesn't have
c0001797
a flag, and I don't
want anything for it.
c0001798
- And the second one?
c0001799
- If the ALS and DKB join up
and form a new guild
c0001800
to go on raids,
c0001801
I'll hand this over
to you on the spot.
c0001802
[both stammering]
c0001803
- But--are you crazy?
That'll never happen!
c0001804
- You gotta be kidding!
c0001805
Us join up with those
stuck-up jerks?
c0001806
- Why don't you go ask 'em?
c0001807
They'll laugh in your face
and call you crazy!
c0001808
Besides, when is this other flag
gonna drop, huh?
c0001809
- Yeah, you think we're gonna
- Say something.
c0001810
- wait around for that?
c0001811
- Look, those
are the conditions,
c0001812
and that's that,
like it or not.
c0001813
[all snarling]
c0001814
- Oh, I get it.
I see what's going on!
c0001815
They're not gonna hand
that flag over to anyone!
c0001816
They're gonna keep it!
c0001817
You expect us
to wait around like idiots,
c0001818
but you're gonna keep it
and make a guild of your own!
c0001819
Aren't you?
- No!
c0001820
- That's not true!
[all shouting]
c0001821
- I knew they were
gonna gank that boss drop!
c0001822
- We don't have to stand here
and listen to their crap!
c0001823
Come on, Kibaou!
What are we waiting around for?
c0001824
There's only two of them
c0001825
and we can get
that flag no sweat!
c0001826
- You think we should take
it by force, Joe?
c0001827
- Yeah! There's a ton of us
and only two of them.
c0001828
It'd be easy.
We could just go--
c0001829
- You idiot!
- [groaning]
c0001830
- I don't care how valuable
an item is.
c0001831
If we start throwin' down
on our fellow players
c0001832
to get 'em,
c0001833
we're no better than
a gang of thugs!
c0001834
Think hard why
the ALS exists.
c0001835
- [groans]
- And shut up!
c0001836
[grunts]
c0001837
Sorry you had to listen
to all that crap.
c0001838
- [grunts]
- Back to those conditions you
c0001839
were talkin' about.
c0001840
The same goes for the DKB, too,
right?
c0001841
- Yeah, ti goes the same
for everyone.
c0001842
- All right.
If that's the deal,
c0001843
then we're cool leavin' it
with you.
c0001844
But in my head I don't see
c0001845
our two guilds
ever comin' together.
c0001846
See you around.
- Wait!
c0001847
What about the gate
to Floor 6?
c0001848
The teleporter's
been activated now.
c0001849
If you're goin' back to Karluin,
that way's faster.
c0001850
- Okay.
c0001851
Thanks a lot, Kirito.
c0001852
- He's always getting away
with the drops,
c0001853
like a rotten beater.
c0001854
- What a waste
of a rare item like that.
c0001855
He ain't even in a guild.
c0001856
- We're out here bustin'
our asses every day.
c0001857
- [gasps]
- Hell,
c0001858
if he thinks he's so awesome,
c0001859
the rest of us should sit back
c0001860
and he can clear this thing.
Jerk.
c0001861
- [inhales sharply]
c0001862
[exhales sharply]
c0001863
[grunts]
c0001864
Well, nice work today.
c0001865
We should rest up before
the par--
c0001866
[gasps]
c0001867
W--What's wrong?
c0001868
- Nothing.
c0001869
Everything.
c0001870
Why do you keep having
to go through this
c0001871
every single time?
c0001872
You keep risking your life
for the assault team
c0001873
and for everyone trapped
in here.
c0001874
Why can't anyone see that?
c0001875
They get to walk around
with their friends
c0001876
and their little cliques
doing whatever they want,
c0001877
arguing over who's better
than who,
c0001878
and this whole time
you've been fighting until you
c0001879
can barely stand,
c0001880
fighting to keep them together
in their stupid guilds,
c0001881
and what do they do?
c0001882
Call you names,
badmouth you.
c0001883
I don't know how you stand it.
c0001884
This is so wrong.
c0001885
[whimpering]
c0001886
It's all so unfair.
c0001887
[whimpering]
c0001888
- [exhales]
c0001889
[grunts]
c0001890
Asuna.
c0001891
I chose to handle things
this way.
c0001892
- [gasps]
c0001893
- I don't wanna be in a guild,
c0001894
and this is how it has to be.
c0001895
- [whimpers]
- In here...
c0001896
I don't fight 'cause
I wanna be praised.
c0001897
I don't care
about getting noticed
c0001898
or being the hero.
c0001899
I fight to keep myself
and my friends safe.
c0001900
Nothing else matters to me.
c0001901
I do what I do...
c0001902
[scoffs]
c0001903
So I can survive in this world.
c0001904
That's why I'm cool
if they don't respect me.
c0001905
And I don't have the right
to ask for it or get it.
c0001906
So you shouldn't cry
for me 'cause this is what I--
c0001907
[gasps]
c0001908
- Don't you dare tell me who I
should cry for!
c0001909
[sniffles]
c0001910
All right.
c0001911
If no one else will praise you,
then I will.
c0001912
And if there's anything I
can do for you...
c0001913
Just say the word.
c0001914
- [grunts]
c0001915
You don't have to do anything
for me, really.
c0001916
Just hearing you say that's more
than enough.
c0001917
- Stop talking and take a knee.
c0001918
- Thank you.
c0001919
all: Five, four, three,
c0001920
two, one!
c0001921
all: Happy New Year!
c0001922
[all laughing and cheering]
[distant booming]
c0001923
- Happy New Year.
c0001924
Here's to 2023.
c0001925
- Yeah, happy new year.
c0001926
[chuckles]
c0001927
These fireworks
are unbelievable.
c0001928
Where'd they get 'em, anyway?
c0001929
- The Town of Beginnings.
c0001930
There's a little gear shop there
that sells them.
c0001931
I heard Liten knows where it is.
c0001932
- Yeah?
c0001933
We should get some
to use on monsters.
c0001934
- Nope, you can only use them
in safe zones.
c0001935
- [exhales sharply]
That's a bummer.
c0001936
- It's 2023.
c0001937
- It doesn't feel
like two months
c0001938
have gone by already,
does it?
c0001939
- No.
c0001940
Back when I shut myself
in my room
c0001941
in the Town of Beginnings,
c0001942
every day felt so long.
c0001943
Now, days go by
in a flash.
c0001944
That's funny.
c0001945
That just popped into my head.
c0001946
How before I met you,
c0001947
I thought I could treat a weapon
like a disposable thing.
c0001948
I'd buy multiples
of the same one
c0001949
never getting them serviced,
c0001950
not knowing I could upgrade them
to be even better.
c0001951
If one got dull,
c0001952
I'd toss ti and get another
from my inventory.
c0001953
Then Mito gave me
the Wind Fleuret
c0001954
and thanks to you,
c0001955
I had it reforged into
the sword I have now,
c0001956
and after all the battles
I've been in up to now,
c0001957
I've realized something.
c0001958
That I should be looking out
for myself more.
c0001959
That said,
c0001960
I want you to look out
for yourself more, too.
c0001961
- Sure.
c0001962
Hey, I'm gonna go downstairs
and get another bottle
c0001963
and some food.
c0001964
- Wait up!
I'm coming, too!
c0001965
W--Watch your step, okay?
c0001966
Hmm.
c0001967
- Always.
c0001968
- What?
- Oh, nothing.
c0001969
Hmm?
c0001970
- [gasps]
c0001971
- See something back there?
- Huh?
c0001972
No, I don't think so.
- Then let's go.
c0001973
- Okay.
c0001974
- [grunts]
c0001975
c0001976
[both gasping]
c0001977
- It's showtime.
c0001978
- [gasping]
c0001979
- Who are you?
- Ooh, easy, now.
c0001980
No sudden moves.
c0001981
You don't want me to get nervous
and cut your girlfriend
c0001982
with my knife,
do ya?
c0001983
- We're in the safe zone,
so you can't hurt her.
c0001984
Your threats mean nothing.
c0001985
- Oh, tough talk.
c0001986
Uh, check your coordinates,
blackie.
c0001987
The safe zone ends
at the lawn out front.
c0001988
This is part of the dungeon.
[both gasping]
c0001989
- A knife ain't gonna
do much damage anywhere.
c0001990
- Oh, you're
a feisty little punk.
c0001991
What if I told you this knife
was dipped in level five venom
c0001992
and poison?
c0001993
- [gasps]
c0001994
- Why are you doin' this?
c0001995
- [laughing]
c0001996
isn't it obvious, bro?
c0001997
'Cause it's fun,
that's why.
c0001998
- It's fun for you?
- [gasps]
c0001999
- Hey, I'm all about havin' fun.
c0002000
That's why this big stage
was built for us, after all,
c0002001
and I'm settin' things up
to have even more fun.
c0002002
Now, how 'bout
we go someplace quiet
c0002003
where no one will interrupt us?
c0002004
I was thinkin' the catacombs.
c0002005
[both grunting]
c0002006
- Fine by me.
- [gasps]
c0002007
- [chuckles]
- What?
c0002008
- [grunts]
c0002009
- [groans]
- Get him!
c0002010
- Done.
[grunts]
c0002011
[shouting]
c0002012
[gasps]
c0002013
- [shouting]
c0002014
- [laughing]
Catch you later, blackie!
c0002015
Fencer!
c0002016
[both gasping]
c0002017
- This thing wasn't dipped
in poison.
c0002018
- I had a feeling he
was bluffing.
c0002019
- What were you thinking?
That was risky!
c0002020
- If we really were out
of the safe zone,
c0002021
he wouldn't bother moving us
to another location.
c0002022
He'd stab us
and get it over with.
c0002023
- But if you were wrong,
you could have died!
c0002024
- No way.
- Mm?
c0002025
- I have this.
c0002026
- Hmm?
c0002027
Whoa!
[gasps]
c0002028
Damn!
c0002029
That's a heck of a necklace!
c0002030
- [giggles]
c0002031
- Mito, you're the best.
c0002032
- [grunts]
c0002033
Well, the important thing
is we survived,
c0002034
but just to be safe,
we should get outta--
c0002035
- Wait.
- [gasps]
c0002036
- Remember what that guy said?
c0002037
I think he ambushed us because
he wanted us
c0002038
to hand over the guild flag.
- Huh?
c0002039
- He called "SAO" a stage
and said something about
c0002040
setting things up
to be fun.
c0002041
Do you think he was talking
about that plan
c0002042
to get the ALS and DKB
to kill each other?
c0002043
- How would he know we have
the flag?
c0002044
There wasn't enough time
for the news to get...
c0002045
- You expect us
to wait around like idiots?
c0002046
- One of my guys got some intel
that's just too good...
c0002047
- I mean,
what those two are plotting,
c0002048
about getting the guilds
to kill each other?
c0002049
- A party of PKers!
c0002050
Him, Morte, and the other guy.
c0002051
- Yeah, it's a good bet
they're together.
c0002052
And it's safe to assume
they know everything we do.
c0002053
If they had the flag,
c0002054
"SAO" would turn
into players killing players.
c0002055
Clearing it wouldn't be
a priority.
c0002056
- Yeah, that could happen.
c0002057
So now it's even more important
we keep those guys
c0002058
from ever getting this flag.
c0002059
If it comes down to it
and we have to fight 'em,
c0002060
I know a little about
how PKers operate,
c0002061
and since the beta I've had lots
of practice dueling.
c0002062
- Okay, then I'll fight them
with you.
c0002063
- What?
No,
c0002064
that's not why I told you all--
- Nope.
c0002065
I've made up my mind.
c0002066
I'm not letting you do all
c0002067
the dangerous jobs
alone anymore.
c0002068
- [groans]
- Besides.
c0002069
- [gasps]
- I am your partner, aren't I?
c0002070
I'll be there for you
like you've been there for me
c0002071
in all our battles so far.
c0002072
- [grunts]
c0002073
- Yeah, you and me are partners.
c0002074
We got each other's backs.
- Right.
c0002075
[distant booming]
[both gasping]
c0002076
Shall we go, Kirito?
c0002077
- Right behind you, Asuna.
c0002078
[dramatic music]
c0002079
♪ ♪
c0002080
[Eir Aoi's "Shinzou"]
c0002081
♪ ♪
c0002082
[singing in Japanese]
c0002083
♪ ♪
c0002084
c0002085
♪ ♪
c0002086
c0002087
♪ ♪
c0002088
c0002089
♪ ♪
c0002090